docs: use an MD book (#185)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/workspaces/index.md

# The Rust workspaces

> This section gives you a little overview of the role and function of every workspace in the 
> `fuelsrs` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section gives you a little overview of the role and function of every workspace in the `fuels-rs` repository.
```

Author: Uh, sry I'm going to improve my markdown skills 😁
